## UI Objects

UI Objects are objects that can be used to create user interfaces in the scene. They all share a `type` and `name` property, which are used to identify the type of the object and its name in the scene. The `type` property is used to determine how to interpret the other properties of the object, while the `name` property is used to give a human-readable name to the object for easier identification and debugging.

They go in the `ui` array of the scene format file.

## Image (`type = "image"`)

An image is a UI object that represents an image that can be displayed in the user interface. It has the following properties:

* `source`: The source of the image, which is a reference to an image file (e.g., `.png`, `.jpg`, etc.) that defines the appearance of the image.
* `position`: The position of the image in the user interface, defined as an array of two numbers representing the x and y coordinates.
* `size`: The size of the image in the user interface, defined as an array of two numbers representing the width and height of the image in units.
* `tint`: The tint color of the image, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the image by applying a tint to it. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the image will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the image will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the image based on the specified color.

## TextField (`type = "textfield"`)
A text field is a UI object that represents a text field that can be used to display text in the user interface. It has the following properties:

* `placeholder`: The placeholder text of the text field, which is a string that is displayed in the text field when it is empty. This can be used to provide a hint to the user about what kind of input is expected in the text field.
* `font`: An object containing:
  * `source`: The source of the font, which is a reference to a font file (e.g., `.ttf`, `.otf`, etc.) that defines the appearance of the text.
  * `size`: The size of the font, defined as a single number representing the size of the font in units.
* `fontSize`: The size of the text field in the user interface, defined as an array of two numbers representing the width and height of the text field in units.
* `padding`: The padding of the text field, defined as an array of four numbers representing the padding on the left, top, right and bottom sides of the text field in units. This can be used to create some space between the text and the edges of the text field for better readability and aesthetics.
* `maximumWidth`: The maximum width of the text field, defined as a single number representing the maximum width of the text field in units. This can be used to limit the width of the text field and make it wrap the text to multiple lines if it exceeds the specified width. A value of `0` means that there is no maximum width and the text field will expand indefinitely to fit the text.
* `textColor`: The color of the text, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the text in the text field. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the text will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the text will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the text based on the specified color.
* `placeholderColor`: The color of the placeholder text, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the placeholder text in the text field. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the placeholder text will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the placeholder text will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the placeholder text based on the specified color.
* `backgroundColor`: The background color of the text field, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the background color of the text field. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the background will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the background will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the background based on the specified color.
* `borderColor`: The border color of the text field, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the border color of the text field. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the border will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the border will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the border based on the specified color.
* `focusedBorderColor`: The border color of the text field when it is focused, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the border color of the text field when it is focused (i.e., when the user clicks on it or taps on it to enter text). A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the border will be displayed with its original colors when focused, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the border will be displayed as completely black when focused. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the border based on the specified color when focused.
* `cursorColor`: The color of the cursor in the text field, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the cursor in the text field. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the cursor will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the cursor will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the cursor based on the specified color.

## Button (`type = "button"`)
A button is a UI object that represents a button that can be used to create interactive elements in the user interface. It has the following properties:

* `label`: The label of the button, which is a string that is displayed on the button. This can be used to provide a description of the button's function to the user.
* `font`: An object containing:
  * `source`: The source of the font, which is a reference to a font file (e.g., `.ttf`, `.otf`, etc.) that defines the appearance of the text on the button.
  * `size`: The size of the font, defined as a single number representing the size of the font in units.
* `fontSize`: The size of the font, defined as a single number representing the size of the font in units.
* `position`: The position of the button in the user interface, defined as an array of two numbers representing the x and y coordinates.
* `padding`: The padding of the button, defined as an array of four numbers representing the padding on the left, top, right and bottom sides of the button in units. This can be used to create some space between the label and the edges of the button for better readability and aesthetics.
* `minimumSize`: The minimum size of the button, defined as an array of two numbers representing the minimum width and height of the button in units. This can be used to ensure that the button is not too small to be easily clickable or readable.
* `textColor`: The color of the text on the button, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the text on the button. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the text will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the text will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the text based on the specified color.
* `backgroundColor`: The background color of the button, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the background color of the button. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the background will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the background will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the background based on the specified color.
* `hoverBackgroundColor`: The background color of the button when it is hovered, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the background color of the button when it is hovered (i.e., when the user moves the mouse cursor over it or taps on it). A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the background will be displayed with its original colors when hovered, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the background will be displayed as completely black when hovered. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the background based on the specified color when hovered.
* `pressedBackgroundColor`: The background color of the button when it is pressed, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the background color of the button when it is pressed (i.e., when the user clicks on it or taps on it). A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the background will be displayed with its original colors when pressed, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the background will be displayed as completely black when pressed. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the background based on the specified color when pressed.
* `borderColor`: The border color of the button, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the border color of the button. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the border will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the border will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the border based on the specified color.
* `hoverBorderColor`: The border color of the button when it is hovered, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the border color of the button when it is hovered (i.e., when the user moves the mouse cursor over it or taps on it). A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the border will be displayed with its original colors when hovered, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the border will be displayed as completely black when hovered. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the border based on the specified color when hovered.
* `enabled`: A boolean value that indicates whether the button is enabled or not. If `true`, the button will be interactive and respond to user input. If `false`, the button will be disabled and will not respond to user input, and it will be displayed with a dimmed appearance to indicate that it is not interactive.

## Checkbox (`type = "checkbox"`)
A checkbox is a UI object that represents a checkbox that can be used to create interactive elements in the user interface. It has the following properties:

* `label`: The label of the checkbox, which is a string that is displayed next to the checkbox. This can be used to provide a description of the checkbox's function to the user.
* `font`: An object containing:
  * `source`: The source of the font, which is a reference to a font file (e.g., `.ttf`, `.otf`, etc.) that defines the appearance of the text next to the checkbox.
  * `size`: The size of the font, defined as a single number representing the size of the font in units.
* `fontSize`: The size of the  font, defined as a single number representing the size of the font in units.
* `position`: The position of the checkbox in the user interface, defined as an array of two numbers representing the x and y coordinates.
* `size`: The size of the checkbox, defined as an array of two numbers representing the width and height of the checkbox in units.
* `boxSize`: The size of the box of the checkbox, defined as an array of two numbers representing the width and height of the box in units. This can be used to change the size of the box of the checkbox independently of the size of the label.
* `spacing`: The spacing between the box and the label of the checkbox, defined as a single number representing the spacing in units. This can be used to create some space between the box and the label for better readability and aesthetics.
* `checked`: A boolean value that indicates whether the checkbox is checked or not. If `true`, the checkbox will be displayed with a checkmark to indicate that it is checked. If `false`, the checkbox will be displayed without a checkmark to indicate that it is unchecked.
* `enabled`: A boolean value that indicates whether the checkbox is enabled or not. If `true`, the checkbox will be interactive and respond to user input. If `false`, the checkbox will be disabled and will not respond to user input, and it will be displayed with a dimmed appearance to indicate that it is not interactive.
* `textColor`: The color of the text next to the checkbox, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the text next to the checkbox. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the text will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the text will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the text based on the specified color.
* `boxBackgroundColor`: The background color of the box of the checkbox, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the background color of the box of the checkbox. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the background will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the background will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the background based on the specified color.
* `hoverBoxBackgroundColor`: The background color of the box of the checkbox when it is hovered, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the background color of the box of the checkbox when it is hovered (i.e., when the user moves the mouse cursor over it or taps on it). A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the background will be displayed with its original colors when hovered, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the background will be displayed as completely black when hovered. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the background based on the specified color when hovered.
* `borderColor`: The border color of the box of the checkbox, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the border color of the box of the checkbox. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the border will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the border will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the border based on the specified color.
* `activeBorderColor`: The border color of the box of the checkbox when it is active (i.e., when it is checked), defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the border color of the box of the checkbox when it is active. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the border will be displayed with its original colors when active, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the border will be displayed as completely black when active. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the border based on the specified color when active.
* `checkColor`: The color of the checkmark of the checkbox, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the checkmark of the checkbox. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the checkmark will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the checkmark will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the checkmark based on the specified color. 

## Column (`type = "column"`)
A column is a UI object that represents a column layout that can be used to arrange other UI objects in a vertical layout. It has the following properties:

* `spacing`: The spacing between the child objects of the column, defined as a single number representing the spacing in units. This can be used to create some space between the child objects for better readability and aesthetics.
* `maxSize`: The maximum size of the column, defined as an array of two numbers representing the maximum width and height of the column in units. This can be used to limit the size of the column and make it scrollable if it exceeds the specified size. A value of `[0, 0]` means that there is no maximum size and the column will expand indefinitely to fit its child objects.
* `padding`: The padding of the column, defined as an array of four numbers representing the padding on the left, top, right and bottom sides of the column in units. This can be used to create some space between the child objects and the edges of the column for better readability and aesthetics.
* `children`: An array of child objects that are contained within the column, which can be of any type (image, textfield, button, checkbox, column, etc.). Each child object is defined as an object with a `type` property that specifies the type of the object, and other properties that define the values for that object. The child objects will be arranged in a vertical layout within the column based on the specified spacing and padding.
* `position`: The position of the column in the user interface, defined as an array of two numbers representing the x and y coordinates. The position of the child objects within the column will be relative to the position of the column itself.
* `alignment`: The alignment of the child objects within the column, defined as a string that can be either `"left"`, `"center"` or `"right"`. This can be used to specify how the child objects are aligned horizontally within the column. A value of `"left"` means that the child objects will be aligned to the left edge of the column, a value of `"center"` means that the child objects will be centered horizontally within the column, and a value of `"right"` means that the child objects will be aligned to the right edge of the column.
* `anchor`: The anchor point of the column, defined as a string that can be either `"top-left"`, `"top-center"`, `"top-right"`, `"center-left"`, `"center"`, `"center-right"`, `"bottom-left"`, `"bottom-center"` or `"bottom-right"`. This can be used to specify the point of the column that is used as the reference for its position. For example, if the anchor is set to `"top-left"`, the position of the column will be based on its top-left corner, while if the anchor is set to `"center"`, the position of the column will be based on its center point. This can be useful for positioning the column in relation to other UI objects or to the edges of the user interface.

## Row (`type = "row"`)
A row is a UI object that represents a row layout that can be used to arrange other UI objects in a horizontal layout. It has the same properties as the column, but the child objects will be arranged in a horizontal layout within the row based on the specified spacing and padding, and the alignment property will specify how the child objects are aligned vertically within the row (i.e., `"top", `"center"` or `"bottom"`). The anchor property will work the same way as in the column, but it will specify the point of the row that is used as the reference for its position.

## Stack (`type = "stack"`)
A stack is a UI object that represents a stack layout that can be used to arrange other UI objects in a layered layout. It has the same properties as the column, but the child objects will be arranged in a layered layout within the stack based on the specified spacing and padding, and the alignment property will specify how the child objects are aligned within the stack (i.e., `"top-left"`, `"top-center"`, `"top-right"`, `"center-left"`, `"center"`, `"center-right"`, `"bottom-left"`, `"bottom-center"` or `"bottom-right"`). The anchor property will work the same way as in the column, but it will specify the point of the stack that is used as the reference for its position. The child objects in a stack will be rendered on top of each other based on their order in the `children` array, with the first child being rendered at the bottom and the last child being rendered at the top. This can be used to create layered UI elements, such as a button with an image background and a text label on top of it, by placing the image and the text as child objects of a stack and arranging them accordingly.

## Text (`type = "text"`)

A text is a UI object that represents a text element that can be used to display text in the user interface. It has the following properties:

* `content`: The content of the text, which is a string that is displayed in the user interface. This can be used to provide information or instructions to the user.
* `font`: An object containing:
  * `source`: The source of the font, which is a reference to a font file (e.g., `.ttf`, `.otf`, etc.) that defines the appearance of the text.
  * `size`: The size of the font, defined as a single number representing the size of the font in units.
* `fontSize`: The size of the text, defined as a single number representing the size of the text in units.
* `color`: The color of the text, defined as an array of three numbers representing the red, green and blue components of the color (values between 0 and 255). This can be used to change the color of the text. A value of `[255, 255, 255]` means that the text will be displayed with its original colors, while a value of `[0, 0, 0]` means that the text will be displayed as completely black. Values in between will result in a tinted version of the text based on the specified color.